[Core] Refine Context.access modes (#1036)
OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO: RELEASE_NOTES.md

v1.0.0-alpha.x
---------------

> ### Breaking changes

Author: [036ada2](https://github.com/OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO/pull/1036/commits/036ada2ca85d253b6170ced4df030dccc53fc3dc)

- Removed `Context.Access.kWriteMultiple` and
 `Context.Access.kReadMultiple`access patterns, due to not having
 coherent use cases.
 [1016](https://github.com/OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO/issues/1016)

### New Features

> - Added `Context.Access.kCreateRelated` access pattern, to support use
>   cases where host wants to specify a new related entity is created,
>   but differentiation based on traitset comparison is not possible.

Reviewer: [fix]
The trait-set comparison rules were our implicit way of stating that the entity should be new before, which was un clear - so we added this access to be explicit. Instead of considering whether trait set matches when publishing, a Host should ask "is the reference I have for the specific thing i'm creating, or some other entity that I wish to create a new thing in relation to" and set this accordingly.  How about something like:

```suggestion
- Added `Context.Access.kCreateRelated` access pattern, to  indicate
  when a workflow specifically creates a new entity as a relation to an
  existing one.
```

Author: https://github.com/OpenAssetIO/OpenAssetIO/pull/1036/commits/0df5a207aa7be7a37f52b73c31078fb1bc575a0c
